is it folks welcome
I'm from here, says the game designer of
play the art work online work and I'll talk
a little bit for you guys than this game
who is part of the team with the role
them and I also want to show
how does the creation of
characters what is theft art the organ
goes basically a two -piece 11-mm
rpg all set in the fantasy world
from harry potter so if you've read the
books and movies you probably already
knows all automatic game detail
Ok, let's go to the next team.
game creation looks like it was like
you
None of us have a Harvard degree in
online game creation
so we can consider the game here
it's a rocket made by fans
I'll cite one of the names of some
people who have already helped the project
by the way it is in development
since 2010
so you are the name of the
and I hope you do not forget
from anyone
well we have the nazim that he is the founder and
programmer of the game and created
systems
we have the caíque he is map he creates
the maps and mazes of the game for you
is on the team since 2010 also has the
dark more than I am I believe and created
some common game features some
movable status walls also have a
You sure touched and lucas aquino that
They are writers and create new quests.
always has guilherme igot that is the
our video editor has lucas rb
that the program is also currently
is developing a language in thesis
more
take it to the game and not to mention those
that give us ideas and criticisms
always constructive
So we thank everyone there.
It's good to know that the game is ready
game is under development
It is an online game, it takes time and as I said
This fans folks are not getting paid
for that
It is therefore that most of us work
Do you have a wife and daughter to take care of?
no this is a lie
but finally the delay has a reason
People are taking time, but it's getting good.
Okay, I'll ask you as often as
be patient
Good, now, let's get right to the point.
is the character creation screen
this one here is the starting screen of the game
certain she will still suffer some
changes
for now it's a little simple
but let's get straight to what's interesting to play
Good, I'll create a new account here.
show you
remembering that this part that also goes
undergo changes mainly with
relation to e-mail
So when you went to create an account,
In the game you will have to put a
valid email
it goes straight to the database
where you will be able to access your
character from the control panel
within the site
so let's do the following do not create
a test account
here you can dial to remember if
you do not have a computer
shared and then you register
effect now let's create the character
here you are seeing firsthand the
as is the character creation screen
you can see that the length
maximum of 15 characters
so I can not write alek wek fan
of a limit to it so
It puts you here one of the team is more that
You can choose the girl sex or
boy
I personally like to choose a
male character
here you choose the right hair color
here you choose the attributes for the
game for now I will not give any
I would like to point out to you how this
distribution of points and in what
influence I'll leave it for the next video
To talk a little about it.
the most important here the skin color
You can choose the type of hair
initial
are five different hairs you can
choose to be the one to look at you too
can make the change
the character becomes more like the
what do you want
so I'll choose if right here hair
red blonde hair if it were a
girl
would look like this man like that
and then you finally confirm it once
that your character was created you already
It's in the game, so this is it.
An initial sentence, I'll let it speak.
a little later for now
I just wanted to show you that the
character was created successfully I am
no game
then that's it
until the next staff